# Research Log

## 12/2/20 

### Reviewed outliner of "Composing Hermiticism."  

Decided to research Missa Hercules Dux Ferrariae by Josquin.  

Searched for phrases "Missa Hercules Dux Ferrariae" and "sogetto cavato" in Jstor and RILM.  

Requested Vizzaccaro, Federico. "Missa Hercules Dux Ferrari." _Musica domani_ 39, no. 152 (2009): 36-? via ILLIAD.  

Downloaded Fiumara, Anthony. 2000. “Escobedo’s Missa ‘Philippus Rex Hispanie’: A Spanish Descendant of Josquin’s ‘Hercules’ Mass.” _Early Music_ 28 (1): 50–62. 

Downloaded Jackson, Philip T. "Two Descendants of Josquin's 'Hercules' Mass." _Music & Letters_ 59, no. 2 (1978): 188-205.  

Downloaded Reynolds, Christopher. "Interpreting and Dating Josquin's Missa Hercules dux ferrariae." in _Early Musical Borrowing_ edited by Honey Meconi. (2004). New York: Routledge.

I might also look into Macey, Patrick. "Frescobaldi's musical tributes to Ferrara." in  _The organist as scholar: Essays in memory of Russell Saunders._ Stuyvesant, NY: Pendragon Press, 1994. Pages: 197-231. Which the library own as a physical volume:

" Two keyboard works by Frescobaldi (1583-1643), the capriccio Obligo di cantare le quinta parte (1624) and a ricercar from the Fiori musicali (1635), require that a fifth part be sung. The opening of each soggetto, re-fa-fa, calls to mind Ferrara, and the proposed solutions to these soggetti produce mottos that testify to Frescobaldi's allegiance to his native city. The 12 capricci of 1624 commemorate various aspects of Ferrara's past musical glory, and the use of a hexachordal soggetto recalls the soggetto cavato in Josquin's Missa Hercules Dux Ferrariae."  

Added note 475 to Zettelkasten.  

### Reviewed Svankmajer paper.  

Added to section on "Meat love" and Gurts.  

I will need to review Csordas and what it means to "listen with the body."  


### Worked on sheet music paper 5.  

Made observations on add for Hubbell compositions in back of "I'm Coming back to you Poor Butterfly."  Z. 476-479

## 12/4/20  

### Luython Paper  

Read: Reynolds, Christopher. "Interpreting and Dating Josquin's Missa Hercules dux ferrariae." in _Early Musical Borrowing_ edited by Honey Meconi. (2004). New York: Routledge.  

Skimmed: Jackson, Philip T. "Two Descendants of Josquin's 'Hercules' Mass." _Music & Letters_ 59, no. 2 (1978): 188-205.  

Read: Fiumara, Anthony. 2000. “Escobedo’s Missa ‘Philippus Rex Hispanie’: A Spanish Descendant of Josquin’s ‘Hercules’ Mass.” _Early Music_ 28 (1): 50–62. 

Read: Vizzaccaro, Federico. "Missa Hercules Dux Ferrari." _Musica domani_ 39, no. 152 (2009): 36-? It was in Italian. I couldn't read it.

### Svankmayer 

Revied paper. Added to section on "clay or flesh"  

Changed title to "#Bone Breaking, Spareian Magic, and the Animist World of Jan Švankmajer"

Fronted paragraph describing film "lightness darkness lightenss" to beginning of its section.

Paper is 3000 words! Page requirement achieved.

## 12/5/20

### Sheet Music 5  

Lots of new notes in Zettelkasten, annotated the outline, chose title and direction/loose thesis.  

Turned outline into 3/4 of paper.  

#### To do:

A little bit of research into "targeted advertisement" at the zettelkasten level.  DONE  

Statistical analtysis patriotic vs non patriotic adds. See Z. 493 DONE  

Convert notes on taste and targeting into prose.  

## 12/6/20  

### Luython

Wrote research update for Clare.  

#### To do:  

Add note to zettelkasten on Reynolds idea of allusion in music and the early modern period.  

## 12/8/20

### Svankmajer  

Removed section on Csordas, I don't understand him and I don't think it doesn anything for me. Removed mention of him from introduction.  

Added note Z. 497 on sounds and the body in "Breakfast," copied note into new section of paper.  

Added note Z. 498 on Svankmajer's lack of music. Copied into paper as well.  

## 12/9/20  

### Svankmajer  

Wrote section on sound in the film "Breakfast" based off of existing notes.  

Improved introduction.  

Wrote a provisional ending.  

Coppied into MS Word and did some basic formatting.  

#### To do: 

Footnotes and bibliography.  

Section on "Meat Love" could be expanded.  

## 12/9/20  

### Svankmajer  

Added footnotes and Bib.  

Got edits from Gath.  

Shifted focus of paper to emphasize sounds as well as images.  

Submitted as 1st draft to Prof.  

## 12/12/20  

### Luython  

Added notes Z. 501 and 502. 

Organized outliner.  

Coppied outliner into Markdown doc and started writing. (currently 1400 words)

## 12/14/20  

### Svankmajer Presentation

Prepared 6 minutes of script from paper.  

Prepared four slides. 

### To do:

Decide whether to talk about "lightness darkness lightness" or "Breakfast" for next 2-4 minutes.  

Make Pinnochio sigil (by hand.)  

## 12/16/20

### Svankmajer  

Made edits based on Prof.'s comments.  

## 12/18/20  

### Public Musicology Review  

Listened to piece most of the way through.  

#### To do:

Finish listening.  

## 12/19/20

### Luython  

New title for paper. Added a few sentences here and there.  

### Brahms  

Litened to String quartet 3.  

## 12/20/20  

### Musicology Review

Finished listening.  

### Luython

Some new ideas, a new title, reviewd the introduction and re-wrote it a little bit. A central thrust of the paper is just starting to form.

Added to section on Michael Jackson.  

## 12/21/20  

### Brahms  

Listened closely.  

### Luython  

Review  

Some new ideas.  

I think I got to the bottom of the topic: this Mass is not a case of any of the normal techniques, like sogetto cavato or musical borrowing, though it does share characteristics with them. Instead it is a c.f. mass of achemical distilation for medical purposes, a spagyric composition, of sorts.



## 12/22/20  

### Brahms  

Listened for structure.

### Musicology  

Listened to first half of episode again.  

Created page-by-page outline based on Stefaniak's questions.  

## 12/23/20 

### Brahms

Took some good literature notes and a few z. worthy fleeting notes.

#### To Do: 

Enter notes from today into zettelkasten.  

## 12/24/20

### Brahms

Listened and thought about in terms of Expo, development, and recap.  

## 12/25/20

### Brahms

Entered notes Z.509-513. Lots of progess today. Also cleaned up lterature notes and made some new observations.  

## 12/26/30

### Brahms

Listened for hypermeter, entered note Z. 514.

### Luython

After realizing how things should be organized, I created a new, thematic, outline.  

I then copied and wrote new material for this skeleton. I have 1800 words in the new document "Luython2"

#### To do:

Go back to your notes on Johnson and write the section "Context" regarding Mad king Rudolf, hermeticism, and Kepler.  

Give a little bit of a historical introduction to sogetto cavato.  

Probably also explain the piece and how it actually uses the horoscope.

## 12/27/20

### Luython

Added to section on context.  

Added to section of sogetto cavato

2300 words

### Brahms  

#### To do: 

Break down each of the A themes and engrave and make a diagram. 

Think about counterpoint? Though we never looked at counterpoint in the class...

## 12/28/20

### Svankmajer

Added section on post humanism to Draft, also made notes Z. 516 and 517.  

Addressed the majority of Prof's annotations.

#### To do: 

Read over the paper and clean up the new material.

### Luython 

Read over, made minor edits.  

Added paragraph on masses with no extant transcriptions of the c.f. song.  

Ran spell check.  

2500 words.  

Looked through Zettelkasten under keyword "borrowing" for more ideas. Nothing presented itself.

#### To do:

Aknowledge that the idea of this mass as astrological comes from Johnson.

Substantiate cultural claims.

It might help just to re-read Johnson.

## 12/29/20

Talked to Paul Stienbeck regarding independent study and harpsichord proficiency.  

### Weird studies

Wrote several pages of paper. About two more to go.  

### Luython  

Added a paragraph to context section to say that these ideas come from johnson, who has done a substantial job synthesizing research on renaissance magic.

This paper is turning out to be a "Yes, and" rather than a "no, but."

2700 words

#### To do:  

More on the Paracelsianists.

## 12/30/20

### Luython

Added a tiny amount on paracelsians.

 https://alchemyandchemistry.edwardworthlibrary.ie/alchemy/paracelsus-and-the-paracelsians/

https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/cambridge-handbook-of-western-mysticism-and-esotericism/paracelsianism/1B34A3188487E3D945E99F3CE8CFDC2A

Citation for spagyric information:

https://www.alchemywebsite.com/reid2-2.html

Citation for alchemical essences

https://www.alchemywebsite.com/reid1-2.html

I'm up to 10-11 pages.

### Brahms

I feel that I have exhausted this movement for any new topics which I can find with my knowledge, and have moved notes into an outliner.

I have made comments on 3 of 8 notes. 

800 words

## To do:

Keep working on outline.

## 12/31/20  

### Luython

Migrated to MS Word  

I added a significant ammount to the section on conext.  

I discussed the piece itself and how it made use of the horoscope

I made it onto 12-13 pages. 

#### To do:  

Discuss the piece itself. How does it make use of the horoscpe?  

## Svankmajer

Defined grotesque, discussed body horror. Made some minor edits and move a couple of paragraphs around.

## 1/1/21  

### Svankmajer  

Added to parts about affedt and reactions.  

Added to section on Freud.  

Added block quote from Svankmajer.  

#### To do:  

Manage footnotes and bib.

Think about organization

### Brahms  

Made figure of A themes.  

Moved essay to Latex.  

Lots of formatting work done.  

Fleshing out of outline.  

4 pages!

#### To do:  

Make figure for the tagging of A.  

### Makeup method  

Added notes 521-531.  

#### To do: 

Practice with highlighter.  

Research eye makup illusions.

## 1/2/21  

### Svankmajer

Added footnote on sigils.  

Corrected Freud citations.  

Added everything to bibliography.  

Added section of the comic side of the grotesque.

### Brahms  

Worked on thematic map diagram.  

Made text diagram on overall structure of the pice and its relation to sonata form.  

Reorgasnized paper slightly.  

Added to section on microstucture.  

#### To do:  

Digram of B-themes.  

Digram of thematic map.  

## 1/3/21  

### Svankmajer

Cleaned up doc and set to Gathana for proofreading.  

Recived edits.  

#### To do:  

Add discussion of sound to fourth wall/real/unreal section.  

Describe bone breaking sound?  



### Luython

Read it over.  

Made some minor edits.  

Wrote new conclusion.  

Added lit review to introduction, discussing Bloxam, Zarunznaya, and Johnson.  

14 full pages.

#### To do:  

Go over Summary of Johnson and cultural context. Get citations down and make it flow.  


The importance of a slip in the cold 

Inifinity pools

## 1/4/21  

### Svankmajer  

Rewrote intro to be much smaller.

### Luython  

Got notes from Gathana.  

#### To do:  

Explain how spagryics are created.

Clarify that essences are just essences, not the actual thing. The "sulfer essence" is not sulfuric.  

Correct spelling of soggetto cavato.

Citations: 

Make bib

Fomat footnotes  

Galileo citation

Bloxam simultanous hearing citation.  

## 1/5/21

### Luython  

Galileo citation done

Soggetto cavato fix done

Spagyric section and essences clarification done.

Done

### Musiciology Review 

Submitted.  

## 1/6/21  

### Brahms  

Wrote about 1 page on the re-appearance of the A1 theme.  

Section 1, on A-themes seems nice and complete for now.

## 1/7/21  

### Brahms

Added to section 2.2 on tags.  

Added to section 2.1 on B theme delays and key variation.  

Added to section 3 on hypermeter

Made it onto page 10.  

B-theme diagram.

Medial caesura image  

#### To do:  
 

Map of themes

Hypermeter diagram?  

Deatil of organ-like immitative texture at mm. 50.

## 1/8/21  

### Brahms  

Hypermeter diagram done.  

Deatil of organ like immitation at mm. 50.  

Map of themes done.  

Extracted canon section from old score.  

#### To do:  


Hepokoysky and darcy

Brahms first name?

Key area diagram?


## 2/15/21

2pm--7pm transcription. S=5hrs.

## 2/16/21

730pm---9pm Trascription. SS= 6.5hrs

## 2/17/21  

2pm---3pm. SS= 7.5 hrs.

6:30--7:30. SS= 8.5 hrs.

## 2/18/21

Transcription: 10:30--11:15. 11:30--12:15. 2:00--3:45. 5:15--5:50. 6:45--7:30.  SS= 13:05 hrs
 
## 3/13/21  

### Virtuosity final, proposal.

#### To do:

Try to find some prodigy case studies. Definately Stevie Wonder. Maybe Mozart?  

What about their visual appearances? How does this relate to the women in the big suit a la Wunderkind fashion brand?  

What about cherubs playing music?  

## 3/26/21

### Transcription Final

Searched Elsevier's "Engineering village" for the keywords "Sound Design" AND "Product."

Recieved a number of sources from the librarians.
 
## 4/11/21

### Sesame Street

Searched the following databases for "Sesame Street":  
Rocks Backpages, no significant results  
Grove Music Online, no significant results  
Pro Quest Music Periodicals Databse, <5 germane results  
RILM, <5 germane results  
RIPM, Run again, I think I did it wong.

Two significant looking results, from RILM:  

Ostrofsky, Kathryn A. “Sesame Street as a Musical Comedy-Variety Show.” In Music in Comedy Television: Notes on Laughs, 15–30. Routledge Music and Screen Media Series. Abingdon: Routledge, 2017. http://search.ebscohost.com.libproxy.wustl.edu/login.aspx?direct=true&db=ram&AN=A1270975&site=ehost-live&scope=site

REQUESTED.

Ostrofsky, Kathryn A. “Taking Sesame to the Streets: Young Children’s Interactions with Pop Music’s Aesthetic in the 1970s.” Journal of Popular Music Studies 24, no. 3 (September 2012): 287–304. http://search.ebscohost.com.libproxy.wustl.edu/login.aspx?direct=true&db=ram&AN=A804876&site=ehost-live&scope=site.

DOWNLOADED.

Two results from Proquest:

Ostrofsky, Kathryn A. “Taking Sesame to the Streets: Young Children’s Interactions with Pop Music’s Aesthetic in the 1970s.” Journal of Popular Music Studies 24, no. 3 (September 2012): 287–304. http://search.ebscohost.com.libproxy.wustl.edu/login.aspx?direct=true&db=ram&AN=A804876&site=ehost-live&scope=site.

REQUESTED.

Ostrofsky, Kathryn A. "An Aural History of the 1970s through the Sounds of "Sesame Street"." Order No. 3709532, University of Pennsylvania, 2015. http://libproxy.wustl.edu/login?url=https://www-proquest-com.libproxy.wustl.edu/dissertations-theses/aural-history-1970s-through-sounds-sesame-street/docview/1699099883/se-2?accountid=15159. 

DOWNLOADED.

## 4/12/21

### Sesame Street, Meeting with Prof. Stefaniak.  

Search for PBS or public tlelvison. in RILM.

Get in touch with Amy Pawl, at WASHU, in charge of the special progam in chilfrens studies.

See if Pearlman has anythingon sesame street.

Hilary hahn on sesame street?

Any critical literature on Yoyo Ma?

Omnivory.

Serch for "Yoyo Ma Sesame Street" in Lexus nexus.

## 4/13/21

### Transc.

Decided to transcribe the last two minutes of "Un día bonito."  

## 4/13/21

### Transc. 

Okay, just the last 1 minutes of "Un día bonito."
